The End
Congratulations, sir.
Thank you for your hard work.
But I didn't think Yotaro would get a reward from the Lord of the Rings.
You're so smart.
Yes.
Yotaro is a fool, but he's a good man.
He's a good man.
Yes.
If you give him the ring, he'll use it right away.
Then he'll be able to use it.
So, until Yotaro sends the bag,
don't be afraid.
Think of something that will make you feel better.
Yotaro, don't you have something?
I do.
Once upon a time, there was an officer named Rikan in Osaka.
There was an officer named Shikan in Edo.
Rikan came to Edo and bought the officer and the officer together.
The popular actor bought them together, so they were like a pair of split hairs.
There was a man who was not good at the Osaka-Nakindo.
He immediately thought of the color of Rikan-cha and Shikan-cha and sold them as a store.
The man was very happy.
He was very happy.
This is a nice song.
They all sing a nice song.
knees, glances, turned they all with two thumbs and two fingers.
This sounds very good.
They seas are going to split.
Out of budget items, they sell them completely.
This looks very good.
I don't know what to do...
Should we do more?
Ah... High School...
The principal of the High School...
...is that old man Kaito...
...who died young...
...in the days of time.
Hearda thought about his Я嘴心...
...and asked...
It's delicious. I'd be happy if I could eat it again.
Well, this is interesting.
What if you do it?
Don't make fun of me.
I'll do it right away.